Update payment method and include Ramp instructions (#183)
BlackPythonDevs/.maintainers: policies/paying-for-things-and-getting-reimbursed.md

### Ramp

When a payment is approved, the recipient receives a payment link via email and enters their own payment details directly in Ramp.

For sponsorship payments, the recipient must provide an invoice. For international sponsorship requests, BPD must also complete an Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC) check to confirm the payment complies with US law.

If Ramp cannot process a payment due to country restrictions, BPD will work with the recipient to arrange an alternative. The following alternative payment methods may apply in that case:

- PayPal
- A trusted third party, who will enter their banking information into Ramp

### PayPal

PayPal is an alternative when Ramp can't process payment to a recipient's country. To receive payment via PayPal, the recipient must provide the email address or username connected to their PayPal account

### Direct payment

Direct payment applies when the recipient can receive payment via wire transfer. BPD pays the invoice directly, so the recipient does not pay out of pocket.

For wire transfers, the recipient must provide the following:

- Account name
- Home address
- Bank address
- SWIFT code (if applicable)

> - Account currency

Reviewer: @activus-d - There is no direct payment as Ramp has the same payment access that GNOME has. If PayPal/Ramp is not possible then we will try to inlude a trusted third-party.

### Member pays and is reimbursed

If you pay out of pocket on behalf of BPD, you must get written approval before making the purchase. Receipts are required for all reimbursements, and reimbursements will be sent to recipients as determined by BPD.

To request reimbursement after approval, take the following steps:

> 1. Request a reimbursement form from `leadership@blackpythondevs.com`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Request a reimbursement form from a BPD leadership representative.
```
